README.md, before:

## Project Status
Project is actively being worked on. Issues and Pull Requests are welcomed.

## Workout Planner 

Workout Planner is a web application that allows the user to create different categories 
of workouts and add exercises for each category. The frontend is built using ReactJS and 
uses styling from React-BootStrap. The backend utilizes a Rack-based web server.

## Installation
Fork and clone this repo. Then install the dependencies by running:

```
npm install
```

## Usage
The features of this application include:

1. Create - The user can create workout categories and exercises within each category.

2. Read - Load data regarding the workout categories and exercises from the database onto the webpage.

3. Patch - The user can keep track of which exercises have been completed for each workout.

4. Delete - The user can delete categories and delete exercises within each category .


## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Kevin Zheng

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add link to back-end to readme

README.md, after:

## Project Status
Project is actively being worked on. Issues and Pull Requests are welcomed.

## Workout Planner 

Workout Planner is a web application that allows the user to create different categories 
of workouts and add exercises for each category. The frontend is built using ReactJS and 
uses styling from React-BootStrap. The backend utilizes a Rack-based web server.

## Installation
Fork and clone this repo. Then install the dependencies by running:

```
npm install
```

Repo for the back-end can be found at this link:

https://github.com/KevinZ-CS/phase-3-sinatra-react-project

## Usage
The features of this application include:

1. Create - The user can create workout categories and exercises within each category.

2. Read - Load data regarding the workout categories and exercises from the database onto the webpage.

3. Patch - The user can keep track of which exercises have been completed for each workout.

4. Delete - The user can delete categories and delete exercises within each category .


## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Kevin Zheng

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
